BACKEND TAKE-HOME EXERCISE: SUPPLIER FEED THROTTLE & DEDUP SERVICE

Tooling: You MUST use Claude Code for this exercise. Use it the way you would on the job — you don't have to write every line yourself, but you're responsible for the result.
Submission: 
	(1) the code repo 
	(2) your full Claude Code chat transcript 
	(3) a short README (see bottom)

---

WHY CLAUDE CODE IS REQUIRED

We're not just checking whether the code works. 
We're looking at how you work with an AI coding assistant: 
how you scope a task for it, when you push back on what it produces, and how you catch problems before they ship. That's a normal part of the job here. 

Treat this like a real work session, not a performance for us — think out loud in your prompts, ask Claude to explain anything you're unsure about, and redirect it when something looks off.

Setup: Installing Claude Code & Your API Key

We'll provide you with an Anthropic API key for this exercise — use it only for this assignment, and don't share it beyond your own machine. 
The key is scoped only to Claude Sonnet 5.5 — other models will be blocked, so make sure Claude Code is using Sonnet 5.5.

1. Install Claude Code
   Follow the installation instructions at https://docs.claude.com/en/docs/claude-code/overview to install the Claude Code CLI for your platform.

2. Set your API key
   Set the key we provided as the ANTHROPIC_API_KEY environment variable on your machine.

If the key is set correctly, Claude Code will use it directly rather than prompting you to log in.
If you run into installation issues or the api key is faulty, see the documentation or reach out to us.

---

BACKGROUND

Think of this like Mize's own systems: we receive reservation updates (on multiple server instances) from several external suppliers through a webhook-style feed. 
Suppliers sometimes resend the same update more than once (network retries, bugs on their end), and some suppliers send far more traffic than they should. 
We need a small service that sits in front of our reservations table and handles both problems.

WHAT TO BUILD

An ASP.NET Core Web API (.NET 8+) backed by SQL (SQLite or LocalDB — your choice, either is fine) using Dapper for data access.

Endpoints:

1. POST /api/reservations/ingest

   Request Body:
   {
     "supplierId": "string",
     "reservationId": "string",
     "roomId": "string",
     "checkIn": "2026-08-01T00:00:00Z",
     "checkOut": "2026-08-03T00:00:00Z",
     "price": 450.00,
     "updatedAtUtc": "2026-07-01T10:15:00Z"
   }

   - Save the reservation.
   - If this exact reservation was already saved with the same details, don't write it again — respond in a way that makes clear nothing changed.
   - If the same reservationId arrives again but with different details, update the existing record.
   - If a supplier sends more than 100 requests within any rolling 60-second window, reject that supplier's further requests until the window clears.

2. GET /api/reservations/stats/{supplierId}
   Return how many reservations were ingested vs. how many requests were throttled for that supplier.

Baseline expectations: 
a clean project structure, reasonable error handling, and enough tests to give us confidence the dedup and throttle logic actually work. 
We don't expect production-level hardening (auth, observability, etc.) — this is a scoped exercise.

That's the spec as given. Real feature requests are rarely fully specified — if something's unclear, handle it the way you would on the job.

WHAT WE WANT TO SEE

- Working code that meets the spec above.
- A Claude Code session where you're actively directing the work: setting scope, pushing back on things you disagree with, 
	asking it to justify decisions, and redirecting it when needed — not just accepting its first pass end to end.
- Judgment on tradeoffs (correctness vs. simplicity, concurrency behavior, etc.), including any case where you decided not to do something Claude suggested, and why.

SUBMISSION — README

Along with the code, write a short README (half a page is plenty) covering:
- Any assumptions you made where the spec was unclear, and why.
- Anything Claude Code suggested that you disagreed with or changed, and why.
- Anything you'd do differently with more time.

EXPORTING YOUR CLAUDE CODE TRANSCRIPT

At the end of your session, run:
  /export

This opens a menu to copy the transcript to your clipboard or save it to a file. 
Save it to a file and include it with your submission alongside the repo.

If export command doesn't work, ask directly to export the conversation to a text file for review. 
Don't edit or trim the transcript — we want to see the real session.

Good luck — treat Claude Code the way you would at your own desk on a normal day.